README.md, before:

# mbedOS-ble-demos
This repo contains a collection of standard BLE demos based on mbedOS and
yotta.

Each demo (subfolder) contains a separate yotta-module meant for building an
executable. Yotta modules come with a `module.json` to describe its metadata
and dependencies.

As an example, the BLE_Beacon demo comes with the following module.json:
```
{
  "name": "ble-beacon",
  "version": "0.0.1",
  "description": "BLE iBeacon example, building with yotta",
  "licenses": [
    {
      "url": "https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0",
      "type": "Apache-2.0"
    }
  ],
  "dependencies": {
    "mbed-drivers": "*",
    "ble": "ARMmbed/ble"
  },
  "targetDependencies": {},
  "bin": "./source"
}
```

From the above, the `name` field provides the name of the module: `ble-beacon`,
and `dependencies` lists its dependencies upon other modules
(referring to Git repos). More can be learnt about
[yotta](https://github.com/ARMmbed/yotta) from [this
tutorial](http://docs.yottabuild.org/tutorial/tutorial.html).

Build Instructions
==================

After cloning this repository, switch to any of the demo subdirectories, say
BLE_HeartRate, and execute the following:

```Shell
yotta target <an_appropriate_target_such_as_mkit-gcc>
yotta install
yotta build
```

The resulting binaries would be under `build/<yotta_target_name>/source/`.
Under that folder, the file called `<module_name>-combined.hex` is the one which
can be flashed to the target; the file called `<module_name>` is an ELF binary
containing useful symbols; whereas `<module_name>.hex` can be used for Firmware-
over-the-Air.

Notable Differences from mbed-2 Demos
=====================================

Prior to mbed OS, all application callbacks would execute in handler mode
(i.e. interrupt context). mbed OS comes with its own scheduler,
[minar](https://github.com/ARMmbed/minar), which encourages an asychronous
programming style based upon thread-mode callbacks (i.e. non-interrupt user
context). With mbed OS, application code is made up entirely of callback
handlers. There isn't even a main(); it has been replaced with an
`app_start()`. Please refer to [minar
documentation](https://github.com/ARMmbed/minar#impact) to understand its
impact.

If you're porting a mebd-2 application for mbed OS, please do the following:

* Replace `main()` with `void app_start(int argc, char *argv[])`. app_start()
  will be given control after system initialization; but like any other
  callback handler it will be expected to finish quickly without blocking. If
  application initialization needs to issue blocking calls, app_start() can
  pend callbacks for later activity.

* Unlike the former main(), app_start() should *not* finish with an infinite
  wait loop for system events or for entering sleep. app_start() is expected
  to return quickly. The system will be put to low-power sleep automatically
  when there are no pending callbacks; and event handling should be done by
  posting callbacks.

* Any objects which are expected to persist across callbacks need to be
  allocated either from the global static context or from the free-store (i.e.
  using malloc() or new()). This was also true for mbed-2 except for objects
  allocated on the stack of main(). Objects allocated locally within
  app_start() will be destroyed upon its return.

It might be beneficial to study the documents around [Minar
scheduler](https://github.com/ARMmbed/minar#minar-scheduler).

Commit message:

add a section on creating new BLE applications

README.md, after:

# mbedOS-ble-demos
This repo contains a collection of standard BLE demos based on mbedOS and
yotta.

Each demo (subfolder) contains a separate yotta-module meant for building an
executable. Yotta modules come with a `module.json` to describe its metadata
and dependencies.

As an example, the BLE_Beacon demo comes with the following module.json:
```
{
  "name": "ble-beacon",
  "version": "0.0.1",
  "description": "BLE iBeacon example, building with yotta",
  "licenses": [
    {
      "url": "https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0",
      "type": "Apache-2.0"
    }
  ],
  "dependencies": {
    "mbed-drivers": "*",
    "ble": "ARMmbed/ble"
  },
  "targetDependencies": {},
  "bin": "./source"
}
```

From the above, the `name` field provides the name of the module: `ble-beacon`,
and `dependencies` lists its dependencies upon other modules
(referring to Git repos). More can be learnt about
[yotta](https://github.com/ARMmbed/yotta) from [this
tutorial](http://docs.yottabuild.org/tutorial/tutorial.html).

Build Instructions
==================

After cloning this repository, switch to any of the demo subdirectories, say
BLE_HeartRate, and execute the following:

```Shell
yotta target <an_appropriate_target_such_as_mkit-gcc>
yotta install
yotta build
```

The resulting binaries would be under `build/<yotta_target_name>/source/`.
Under that folder, the file called `<module_name>-combined.hex` is the one which
can be flashed to the target; the file called `<module_name>` is an ELF binary
containing useful symbols; whereas `<module_name>.hex` can be used for Firmware-
over-the-Air.

Creating new BLE yotta Application-modules
==========================================

Please refer to yotta documentation on [creating an executable](http://docs.yottabuild.org/tutorial/tutorial.html#Creating%20an%20Executable).
BLE applications would typically depend on the `ble` module to use
[BLE API](https://github.com/ARMmbed/ble), as can be seen from https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbedOS-ble-demos/blob/master/BLE_Beacon/module.json#L13.
Applications would also need the mbed-drivers module to bring in mbed OS APIs, minar, and capabilities of the target platform.

Suggested BLE targets
=====================

Currently, we support an initial port of mbed OS to the following targets:

* mkit-armgcc
* mkit-armcc

Porting mbed-2 BLE Applications
===============================

Prior to mbed OS, all application callbacks would execute in handler mode
(i.e. interrupt context). mbed OS comes with its own scheduler,
[minar](https://github.com/ARMmbed/minar), which encourages an asychronous
programming style based upon thread-mode callbacks (i.e. non-interrupt user
context). With mbed OS, application code is made up entirely of callback
handlers. There isn't even a main(); it has been replaced with an
`app_start()`. Please refer to [minar
documentation](https://github.com/ARMmbed/minar#impact) to understand its
impact.

If you're porting a mebd-2 application for mbed OS, please do the following:

* Replace `main()` with `void app_start(int argc, char *argv[])`. app_start()
  will be given control after system initialization; but like any other
  callback handler it will be expected to finish quickly without blocking. If
  application initialization needs to issue blocking calls, app_start() can
  pend callbacks for later activity.

* Unlike the former main(), app_start() should *not* finish with an infinite
  wait loop for system events or for entering sleep. app_start() is expected
  to return quickly. The system will be put to low-power sleep automatically
  when there are no pending callbacks; and event handling should be done by
  posting callbacks.

* Any objects which are expected to persist across callbacks need to be
  allocated either from the global static context or from the free-store (i.e.
  using malloc() or new()). This was also true for mbed-2 except for objects
  allocated on the stack of main(). Objects allocated locally within
  app_start() will be destroyed upon its return.

It might be beneficial to study the documents around [Minar
scheduler](https://github.com/ARMmbed/minar#minar-scheduler).
