BLE_HeartRate/readme.md, before:

The heart rate example exports a virtual data-stream of heart-rate values.
This represents the use-case of a typical sensor driven app. In addition, this
application is also compatible with the [Bluetooth SIG heart rate profile](https://developer.bluetooth.org/TechnologyOverview/Pages/HRP.aspx).
That means that if you want to get a heart rate monitor’s input to your phone,
you don’t have to write your own code.

Technical details are better presented [here](https://developer.mbed.org/teams/Bluetooth-Low-Energy/code/BLE_HeartRate/),
which happens to be the mbed-classic equivalent of this example.

What You’ll Need
================

To get this going, you’ll need:

- To see the heart rate information on your phone, download Panobike for [iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/panobike/id567403997?mt=8) or [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.topeak.panobike&hl=en).

- You could also use one of the generic apps to scan BLE peripherals.

  - For Android, you can get [nRF Master Control Panel](https://play.google.com/store/apps/detailsid=no.nordicsemi.android.mcp&hl=en).

  - For iPhone, you can get [LightBlue](https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/lightblue-bluetooth-low-energy/id557428110?mt=8).

- An nRF51 DK board.


Build Instructions
==================

After cloning the parent repository, switch to the subfolder BLE_HeartRate, and
execute the following:

```Shell
yotta target <an_appropriate_target_such_as_mkit-gcc>
yotta install
yotta build
```

Assuming that you're building for the nRF51 DK platform, available targets are
`nrf51dk-armcc` and `nrf51dk-gcc`. You can pick either.

The resulting binaries would be under `build/<yotta_target_name>/source/`.
Under that folder, the file called `ble-heartrate-combined.hex` is the one which
can be flashed to the target using mbed's DAP over USB; the file called `ble-heartrate`
is an ELF binary containing useful symbols; whereas `ble-heartrate.hex`
can be used for Firmware-over-the-Air.

If you're building for the `nrf51dk-armcc` target, copy `build/nrf51dk-armcc/source/ble-heartrate-combined.hex`
to your target hardware, and reset the device. You should have an active
heart-rate detectable by heart-rate apps on smartphones.

Commit message:

docs: Clarify the documentation now that there are more targets
Since the addition of other targets, it is necessary to be more explicit
about the way yotta can be used to build BLE examples.

Furthermore, some of the readme files referred to hex file names
specific to the Nordic targets, and this change fixes that.

Finally, a slightly clarified 'success criteria' has been added to each
example to assist people following the instructions in ascertaining that
they have done so correctly.

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Austin <jonathan.austin@arm.com>

BLE_HeartRate/readme.md, after:

The heart rate example exports a virtual data-stream of heart-rate values.
This represents the use-case of a typical sensor driven app. In addition, this
application is also compatible with the [Bluetooth SIG heart rate profile](https://developer.bluetooth.org/TechnologyOverview/Pages/HRP.aspx).
That means that if you want to get a heart rate monitor’s input to your phone,
you don’t have to write your own code.

Technical details are better presented [here](https://developer.mbed.org/teams/Bluetooth-Low-Energy/code/BLE_HeartRate/),
which happens to be the mbed-classic equivalent of this example.

What You’ll Need
================

To get this going, you’ll need:

- To see the heart rate information on your phone, download Panobike for [iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/panobike/id567403997?mt=8) or [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.topeak.panobike&hl=en).

- You could also use one of the generic apps to scan BLE peripherals.

  - For Android, you can get [nRF Master Control Panel](https://play.google.com/store/apps/detailsid=no.nordicsemi.android.mcp&hl=en).

  - For iPhone, you can get [LightBlue](https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/lightblue-bluetooth-low-energy/id557428110?mt=8).

- One of the BLE platforms listed in the README.md of this repository, for example a
  Nordic DK board. 

Build Instructions
==================

After cloning the parent repository, switch to the subfolder BLE_HeartRate, and
execute the following:

```Shell
yotta target <an_appropriate_target_such_as_mkit-gcc>
yotta install
yotta build
```

Assuming that you're building for the nRF51 DK platform, available targets are
`nrf51dk-armcc` and `nrf51dk-gcc`. You can pick either.

The other targets you can use are described in the main README.md for this repository

The resulting binaries would be under `build/<yotta_target_name>/source/`.

Under that folder, the file called `ble-heartrate<-combined>.hex` is the one which
can be flashed to the target using mbed's DAP over USB; The parent README or the
documentation for your yotta target will explain how to choose between the available
binaries and hex files.

If you're building for the `nrf51dk-armcc` target, copy
`build/nrf51dk-armcc/source/ble-heartrate-combined.hex` to your target hardware, and
reset the device.

Checking for Success
====================

By default the heart rate monitor is called HRM, but you can change this on line 24 of
`source\main.cpp`.

Using one of the apps suggested above, connect to the device, and observe that the
heartrate is constantly increasing up to 175 and wrapping back to 100.
