BLE_Privacy/README.md, before:

# Privacy - example usage of the privacy feature

Demonstration of privacy features in Gap. It shows how to use private addresses when advertising and connecting and how filtering ties in with these operations.

The application will start by repeatedly trying to connect to the same application running on another board. It will do this by advertising and scanning for random intervals waiting until the difference in intervals between the boards will make them meet when one is advertising and the other scanning.

Two devices will be operating using random resolvable addresses. The application will connect to the peer and pair. It will attempt bonding and if possible create a whitelist based on the bond.

Subsequent connections will turn on filtering if the whitelist has been successfully created.

# Running the application

## Requirements

Application requires two devices. Each one should be loaded with the same example. The application will alternate between scanning and advertising until the two devices find each other and the demonstration proceeds.

Information about activity is printed over the serial connection - please have two clients open, each connected to a device. You may use:

- [Tera Term](https://ttssh2.osdn.jp/index.html.en)

Hardware requirements are in the [main readme](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-ble/blob/master/README.md).

## Building instructions

Building instructions for all samples are in the [main readme](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-ble/blob/master/README.md).

Note: example currently doesn't use ST provided stack and instead uses a Cordio port for the ST.

Commit message:

Add a disclaimer to privacy example
Not all privacy features are exercised in the example. Put a disclaimer explaining that more privacy features will be added to the example as new features are added to mbed-os.

BLE_Privacy/README.md, after:

# Privacy - example usage of the privacy feature

Demonstration of privacy features in Gap. It shows how to use private addresses when advertising and connecting and how filtering ties in with these operations.

The application will start by repeatedly trying to connect to the same application running on another board. It will do this by advertising and scanning for random intervals waiting until the difference in intervals between the boards will make them meet when one is advertising and the other scanning.

Two devices will be operating using random static addresses. The application will connect to the peer and pair. It will attempt bonding and if possible create a whitelist based on the bond.

Subsequent connections will turn on filtering if the whitelist has been successfully created.

## Disclaimer 

This example is experimental and will evolve as more privacy features are supported in mbed-os BLE API. For example, resolvable addresses aren't available for all controllers so we advertise with random static addresses. The example focusses on the use of the whitelist during the scanning, advertising and connection processes.   

# Running the application

## Requirements

Application requires two devices. Each one should be loaded with the same example. The application will alternate between scanning and advertising until the two devices find each other and the demonstration proceeds.

Information about activity is printed over the serial connection - please have two clients open, each connected to a device. You may use:

- [Tera Term](https://ttssh2.osdn.jp/index.html.en)

Hardware requirements are in the [main readme](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-ble/blob/master/README.md).

## Building instructions

Building instructions for all samples are in the [main readme](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-ble/blob/master/README.md).

Note: example currently doesn't use ST provided stack and instead uses a Cordio port for the ST.
