BLE_EddystoneService/readme.md, before:

This is the EddystoneService demo. This code starts up and for a user
configured time period (default 30 seconds) will advertise the configuration
service.

The configuration service allows you to modify various frames of the eddystone
specification. For more details on the Configuration Service please check
[here](https://github.com/google/eddystone/blob/master/eddystone-url/docs/config-service-spec.md).

Once the initial configuration time is up, the EddystoneService will broadcast
advertisement packets with the configured eddystone frames.

What You’ll Need
================

To get this going, you’ll need:

- To see BLE devices and their advertisement or beacon information, get one of the following installed on your phone:

  - The `physical web` app. You can get that app for [iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/physical-web/id927653608?mt=8) and for [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=physical_web.org.physicalweb).

  - For Android, you can get [nRF Master Control Panel](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=no.nordicsemi.android.mcp&hl=en).

  - For iPhone, you can get [LightBlue](https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/lightblue-bluetooth-low-energy/id557428110?mt=8).

- One of the BLE platforms listed in the README.md of this repository, for example a
  Nordic DK board.

Build Instructions
==================

After cloning the parent repository, switch to the subfolder BLE_EddystoneService, and
execute the following:

```Shell
yotta target <an_appropriate_target_such_as_mkit-gcc>
yotta install
yotta build
```

Assuming that you're building for the nRF51 DK platform, available targets are
`nrf51dk-armcc` and `nrf51dk-gcc`. You can pick either.

The resulting binaries would be under `build/<yotta_target_name>/source/`.
Under that folder, the file called `ble-eddystoneservice-combined.hex` is the one which
can be flashed to the target using mbed's DAP over USB; the file called `ble-eddystoneservice`
is an ELF binary containing useful symbols; whereas `ble-eddystoneservice.hex`
can be used for Firmware-over-the-Air.

If you're building for the `nrf51dk-armcc` target, copy
`build/nrf51dk-armcc/source/ble-eddystoneservice-combined.hex` to your target hardware,
and reset the device.

If your target has very tight memory constraints, you can modify the `config.json`
to suit your needs. For instance, by changing the SoftDevice from S130 to S110.

Checking for Success
====================

Your EddystoneService should be detectable by BLE scanners (e.g. a smartphone) and by the
Google Physical Web app.

Commit message:

Fix BLE_Beacon demo and modify readme
Modify the BLE_Beacon demo to allocate the iBeacon object in heap rather than
in the stack where it is lost after the function terminates. Also, modified
BLE_EddystoneService readme file to include instructions on switching
SoftDevice when building for 16K targets. Finally changes the module name of
the BLE_EddystoneService in the module.json file.

BLE_EddystoneService/readme.md, after:

This is the EddystoneService demo. This code starts up and for a user
configured time period (default 30 seconds) will advertise the configuration
service.

The configuration service allows you to modify various frames of the eddystone
specification. For more details on the Configuration Service please check
[here](https://github.com/google/eddystone/blob/master/eddystone-url/docs/config-service-spec.md).

Once the initial configuration time is up, the EddystoneService will broadcast
advertisement packets with the configured eddystone frames.

What You’ll Need
================

To get this going, you’ll need:

- To see BLE devices and their advertisement or beacon information, get one of the following installed on your phone:

  - The `physical web` app. You can get that app for [iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/physical-web/id927653608?mt=8) and for [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=physical_web.org.physicalweb).

  - For Android, you can get [nRF Master Control Panel](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=no.nordicsemi.android.mcp&hl=en).

  - For iPhone, you can get [LightBlue](https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/lightblue-bluetooth-low-energy/id557428110?mt=8).

- One of the BLE platforms listed in the README.md of this repository, for example a
  Nordic DK board.

Build Instructions
==================

After cloning the parent repository, switch to the subfolder BLE_EddystoneService, and
execute the following:

```Shell
yotta target <an_appropriate_target_such_as_mkit-gcc>
yotta install
yotta build
```

Assuming that you're building for the nRF51 DK platform, available targets are
`nrf51dk-armcc` and `nrf51dk-gcc`. You can pick either.

The resulting binaries would be under `build/<yotta_target_name>/source/`.
Under that folder, the file called `ble-eddystoneservice-combined.hex` is the one which
can be flashed to the target using mbed's DAP over USB; the file called `ble-eddystoneservice`
is an ELF binary containing useful symbols; whereas `ble-eddystoneservice.hex`
can be used for Firmware-over-the-Air.

If you're building for the `nrf51dk-armcc` target, copy
`build/nrf51dk-armcc/source/ble-eddystoneservice-combined.hex` to your target hardware,
and reset the device.

If your target has very tight memory constraints, you can modify the `config.json`
to suit your needs. For instance, by changing the SoftDevice from S130 to S110.

*NOTE:* This demo is known to fail if you are building the application for nRF51-based
16K targets using the SoftDevice 130 (S130). This is because the program runs out of memory.
To fix this problem, before you build the software open the `config.json` and change the
“softdevice” to “S110”.

Checking for Success
====================

Your EddystoneService should be detectable by BLE scanners (e.g. a smartphone) and by the
Google Physical Web app.
